It is so difficult to claim insurance for LA
that more than half of the customers do
not take insurance for it, they buy
parts by paying money. Yes, it is true that
doubts must have come in your mind that even if my car catches fire, will
I get insurance and if
my car gets a small scratch or
my car meets with an accident,
in which conditions will I get it, in which conditions will I not get it, that
is a matter of later but
how will you claim it, the entire
youtube2 Z process can be explained as to
how you have to make your insurance claim,
how much money will it cost, what are the processes,
so you people do not worry at all,
I have recently made an insurance
claim for my LA and I will tell you each and every thing in detail
that even a 5 year old child will learn by watching it
and will make an insurance claim and your
insurance will be 100% approved
and once approved, no matter how much your parts are
broken, you will get complete repair,
so how to do it, I will tell you everything in A to Z manner,
for now let me tell you that I have made an
insurance claim for my LA in
which I have covered three things, one is
your left guard panel, you can see this  It is
fitted on the stand, it was
not damaged but there were scratches so I
asked the brother from the company whether it would be changed
or not, he said that
changes are not made on scratches, so I deliberately
brought a little more scratch in it, yes yes it has to be done,
you must be aware
otherwise companies do not
provide insurance, there would not be a very minor scratch,
so I myself said that I am telling
you the truth, after that I took insurance from here
but my clip of the front head was broken
and this thing which is the brake lever of
mine was also broken, so the company had
approved it, but here I put a
claim for the cover panel above the head,
then the company refused because
according to them it looked fine to them,
but it was not like that, my clip was already
broken due to which it would be making a
lot of noise on the breaker or on the normal road, even
many of you people would be such users,
whether you buy X or X Plus, you will have
problem in the future, the
old owners would have a lot of wear in their head
and the head which comes with it is
basically  It costs 1300 or 1200, the
upper portion will have to be bought new, so you
won't spend ₹1000000 from your pocket, that's why it is said
that the service of LA is so bad, only the one who buys LA once gets to know
how big the problem is, for now we will talk about this topic
later, even if the part you
put in gets rejected, then when the
car is being repaired in your service center,
you can put it directly from there, yes
you will have to lie a little or you should have a
good relationship with the service center
that yes it broke while opening,
they did the same to me, it was written there that
while opening the head the
clip there broke due to which we had to replace the head as well,
because of which the insurance company paid
them the money for the head as well, only then all my
three parts were installed, now the overall cost of all the three parts was
₹2000000,
but how much did I have to pay and yes
including the labor charges it was 3200-3500 for
only three parts, so  Suppose you will think that
your car breaks from the side or from the back
and you pay from your pocket,
how much money can you spend, then I will tell you in detail
how much does it cost you in insurance, so first of all I have
insurance of A, then
you have to download the app of A,
if you have insurance of any other company, then in
whose name is the car, suppose you have taken the
car in your name, whose phone number should be
entered, then you will have to download the insurance app from your mobile,
you go to your post or A
store, it remains in your phone, or
post, there whatever insurance you have,
whatever insurance you have claimed for,
you should check once on the
invoice, it is written on the invoice
which company's insurance you have, in
most of the cases the digit and A in S remains
and this is also the best, you get
to see its approval quickly, so here
you will also see many options, so
you should know which is your insurer, you will
also get to see the insurance of ICICI
nowadays, so you can see the whole thing
in post  You will get it,
after downloading it, you have to enter your phone number
in that app and your complete
information about the vehicle will appear there, you don't have to do anything,
just enter the phone number and
after entering the phone number, something like this will be shown to you
like this insurance of LA, so ol1 is
showing here, even if I had
insurance of any other bike of A, then
here also the active policy is written,
one or two, till here you will
not face any problem and the company will
give you full coverage up to 132000 if their part
breaks, but their terms and conditions are there,
you can see in the overview, the model number,
all this is written, but if I slide
towards coverage, then in coverage you are given a
question in which conditions will it be available, it will
not be available in case of accident, it will be available
even in case of fire, yes, those who had the
question about getting it covered in fire, then it will be available, but there
is one more condition, you do
not have to get any extra wiring or any modification done from outside, on
top of that it can be available in the climate
like if a storm or a hurricane comes.  It is
not your fault if the vehicle gets damaged
and if you break it yourself or you do illegal
driving, you might be seeing a drink bottle made, then
here the
insurance company will not give you any rupees at all,
your vehicle will remain the same, so
after reaching here you will come to know that if you want to
claim insurance for your Ola A1, then
you have to click on claim and here
you will be asked the question as to why
you need insurance, whether your
bike has been stolen, your bike has been damaged, there has been an
accident, then after clicking on this you have to click
OK, I have already made a
claim once, so I
cannot repeat it and tell you, the rest you have to select all this, so
mostly my bike was damaged, you will have to
write it like this and one thing which
no one will tell you is that on the day you are making the
insurance claim, then it will
ask for the date of claim, which day sorry, it will ask for the
date of accident, on which day your accident
happened, for example, if you are making a claim today,
you have to enter the date of 2 days ago only  Okay,
you should not show such smartness that you will
put in the morning's or yesterday evening's, do not
do this at all, it should be from 48 hours
before the company,
now if it has actually happened then that is a different
matter but still you should not do this, you have to
wait for a day and only after that you can do
this, after this there will be nothing, it will
ask you to send your photo as to where the
damage is, so here you have to
take a photo of your vehicle from all sides and upload it,
whether it is broken or not, first take it from all sides,
then in the last it will ask you which particular
part is broken, then upload its photo,
wherever it is broken you will zoom it
carefully and upload your photo,
then here you will be asked each and every detail and
here it is telling you
in which conditions you will get insurance,
how much percentage depreciation will be there,
all these are terms and conditions, you do
not need to read all that, you will get a good amount, it is
not your vehicle and within 1 year you will
get zero depreciation, then later
your  If it becomes a third party then after one year
you will have to renew it by paying
something like Rs. 5000. It is valid for one year only, so
you can take advantage of it.
Now after that you will have to upload KYC,
your Aadhar card, PAN card,
driving license and a live photo of yours is
also asked from there, you will have to
upload all that and the photo you
send should also be live,
after that you will get a call the next day you will get
a call asking
how the accident happened, what were you doing, even if you did it
intentionally, then you will have to lie
that yes my car was parked,
someone in front came and hit it, it was not my fault
or by doing this you will have to make some excuse,
sometimes those people are such
that they even ask you to
send a photo of the injury, it happens in very rare cases,
so you have to think carefully and
lie a lot, after that your
parts will be approved here and it will be
written here that we are releasing this for work order
and
these people of our company play the biggest role  The
guy who is your service center, you have to
call him again and again every day to check whether you have
released the work order or not, unless
these people give it in writing, that is, they will
not make it and tell which parts are required, then the
work order will not be released from there, otherwise
these people have a thousand works, so they
leave it pending, you should call once a day,
your insurance claim can be done
even in 4 days, if you delay or
show negligence, it can take 40 days also,
it is all in your hands, this is hardly a
4 day work, no matter how big the damage is,
you should apologize to the company, that is, it
is very important to stay updated with the service center people and your list will not be displayed here, there is so much
expense, these are the expenses of only two things, so
here one has to pay his ₹1000000, but it is
not like that, it is
showing a different value, now I will tell you how much money I had to pay,
but before that, friend, we are going to get 10000
subscribers, so
please friend subscribe to the channel, please,
very few subscribers are left  If you are going to get 10000
then you must share the video, it is a very
important video, anyone who is buying a new La, whose
La is old, any
electric vehicle or any other
vehicle, because La does not have a dealership, then
you have to do all this yourself, hence there is a
little issue, you will have to do the entire process
yourself, first of all you have to
download the app, then upload the photo,
then you will get a call from there the next day, it is
important to attend the call otherwise it will remain
pending and either the claim can
also be cancelled and here I have hardly
spent ₹ only because I had to pay the labor cost,
but if I had
not got the insurance and bought the part myself, then
its price is ₹1 something and the
price of the side panel is ₹ then the price of the brake lever is
something 00, that means the B brake
lever is of 00, brother, think how expensive it is,
please
like the video as much as possible so that it reaches people,
share it in your group, share it in your community
and if you have bought Ola  Save it and keep it,
this video is definitely going to be useful to you one day
and please subscribe to the channel, it is about to reach
10000,
thank you so much, do it quickly, we will meet
in the next video, thanks for watching.